Azure 12.1.0 version for helm 3 upgrade (#432)
giantswarm/releases: azure/v12.1.0/announcement.md

> **Giant Swarm release v12.1.0 for Azure is available.** This release upgrades all helm releases belong to giantswarm to helm 3. Further details can be found in the [release notes](https://github.com/giantswarm/releases/tree/master/azure/v12.1.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Giant Swarm release v12.1.0 for Azure is available.** This release upgrades all Helm releases managed by Giant Swarm to use Helm 3. Further details can be found in the [release notes](https://github.com/giantswarm/releases/tree/master/azure/v12.1.0).
```
